the upset of the century just took place
no one could have ever imagined team
liquid losing the golden Guardians that
team that was like only winning one game
lost optic before unbelievable I'm
joined right now by Laura Lowe who's
just basically won the lottery I mean
that's just this team coverage presented
by Omni / Laurel oh no I tease I tease
but as you guys did pick up a win last
week but it is very strange that we saw
you lose to optic yesterday and beat
Team Liquid I think a lot of people
would expect the results to be different
why do you think it ended up sort of
this way yeah I think yesterday we kind
of struggled with like the Draven and
Victor pic and I think our team kinds
like fell apart slowly early on but I
think this game versus t.l we just like
played our game and kept it more stable
and then were able to just play like
macro as the game went on yeah how much
of those results are because of you
versus the teams right it was like optic
do you think optic was playing at a
higher standard and Team Liquid just
didn't know what they were doing or is
it literally like we saw a performance
jump between you guys yesterday and
today or is it a mixture of both
obviously when you're playing a better
team it's gonna be hard to win cuz
they're following me on top of more
things but as long how I see it as long
as you play to your style in your own
game then whatever team universe scene
if you play your style better than usual
spin so it's just making sure we can
just keep to our strengths and not like
get fogged up by whatever team were
playing and then try to win by that now
because there were so many roster
changes this split we saw there's like a
bunch of revenge stories you know I
there's like a checklist of everybody
who's beaten TSM or gotten revenge on
TSM bio for us unfortunately losing that
but a lot of people do not talk about
you and Matt potentially doing this I
think because a lot of people you know
for to be respectful didn't expect it to
come out this way was how much of a
factor was you facing your old team and
today's match you know for you yeah me
and Matt I think today played really
well and it's just on top of just
beating them overall it just feels good
if you have a good performance as well
so I don't know it's just really nice to
be able to just like before this I
thought I was gonna have like a
long-term goal on TL
like how they talked to me how I just
saw my future that kind of like brought
me in it's kind of like my family so
just being able to like
get revenge on them for like removing me
always it's gonna feel nice your family
cast you out and then you went and
murdered them
rampage with a knife stabbed everyone in
the back no I you know that's obviously
a little bit of hyperbole but the it is
an interesting situation right Team
Liquid essentially replaced you thinking
that you were not good enough and
replaced you with like the superstar
lineup but you guys were able to kind of
get this upset do you how much of a
factor do you think this game will be in
golden Guardians going forward because
you picked up the win last week I know
that was important now you beat a much
higher caliber team so yeah what do you
think of that whole situation yeah I
think it's a nice momentum boost for us
because if we lost this game it's pretty
it's gonna be pretty depressing like
looking even even though we're to wait
like just beating anyone any week it's
just gonna give us a boot because we're
like scraping for who wins right now so
just getting a win feels good especially
for me it kind of just gonna re motivate
me even though I'm like I'm still
working extremely hard every day even
though like we're not bringing results
so at least today we were able to show
it and I'm pretty happy for it yeah I
mean the firm they started I know that
the organization has talked a little bit
about this being like a longer journey a
longer process you know and now we're
starting to see the results do you feel
like this is really playing into that
like do you think upward swing coming
out of this yeah I definitely see us
improving like especially from like the
first week of LCS it was like we had a
lot of draft problems a lot of like
personality clashes didn't know like
what our role was as a team overall and
I think we're just like adjusting like
finding our spot in the team like
individually overall and just finding
our strengths to like it's just finding
what size we can play to like how we can
actually play around the map affect you
like who's our strong point just
understanding what we can do around the
map there's been some chatter about
Tyler coming in as the coach a lot of
people are like oh he's the assistant
coach now he's the main coach like
clearly that that's a bad sign right but
you know I just out of curiosity how
much would you say of an impact he had
on this match right I don't know where
he helps if it's picking ban or
it's you know facilitating discussion
from yesterday's games today yeah Tyler
overall just gives us kind of like calm
just approach that accepts like anything
he takes all the approach from like
every player input and just kind of
gathers it all up and make sure we're
comfortable and I think that definitely
helps because on stage if you're not
comfortable at the game just feels
really weird so just being able to be on
comfort and just playing to our
strengths he definitely looks to do that
yeah all right so you guys lost optic
yesterday but I believe you play optic
next week and kind of an interesting
turn of events what do you think your
chances as an optic players East
dropping on this interview of coming out
and beating them next week um yeah I
think as long as we play our game again
I think it's gonna be fine I think we
definitely have a really good shot to
beat them and I'm just looking forward
to how we practice because practice is
probably the biggest thing because it
really relates like how you're gonna
play on stage that week so making sure
our practice throughout the whole week
is really consistent will give us
results so we're past the halfway point
in the split you guys are now 2 in 8 to
Nate what are what's your personal goal
like where we're now I mean it's you
guys are coming in with a bit of a
deficit into the Hat second half of this
so where where are you hoping golden
Guardians gets 10 8 the dream baby um
realistically I just want to ride him on
time hopefully get more wins like if we
just keep losing after this it would be
pretty sad so just making sure that
we're focusing on the right things like
throughout the weeks and just making
sure we can get more wins as my main
goal here
this is about would you say it's about
avoiding last place do you have playoff
dreams I have playoff dreams dude I'm
never out of my mind in the 10 a dream
is like kind of a meme but I still
believe it so it pushes me because it is
still possible good you're gonna take
out echo Fox on cloud 9
we may as well try do all right other
than that anything that you want to say
to any of the fans out there oh yeah
thanks for supporting us I know this
split has been rough overall so anyone
supporting me I really appreciate it cuz
you guys send me a lot of just like
encouraging message overall so yeah I
love you guys thank you thank you so
much for the interview Lalo and
congratulations very exciting game
for the second well for week five I
guess I should say thanks again for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel I know
I know you wanted the avila outro and
instead you're getting this one but
guess what if you subscribe not only
will you get more LCS interviews brought
to you by Omni slash but you also might
have a chance of getting the avila outro
in the future so you should definitely
do that